3di | Input needed for 'About' capabilites articles (#6975)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Capabilities/About-Navigation.rst

..   list of child topics here

Navigation capabilities enable a robot to map its position in an environment and plan the path to a new destination.
This article summarizes ROS developer tools and guidance available to help with navigation.

**Area: navigation, capabilities | Content-type: about | Experience: beginner, intermediate, expert**

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:

Summary
-------

> Navigation capabilities enable a mobile robot to map its environment, plan a path to a new destination, and then control movement along that path including handling unexpected events that happen as it moves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigation capabilities enable a mobile robot to map its environment, plan a path to a new destination, and then control movement along that path including handling unexpected interruptions, such as an unforeseen obstacle, that happen as it moves.
```

ROS also includes motion planning capabilities.
See :doc:`About-Motion-planning`.

ROS capabilities are enabled by community-contributed packages.

Community-contributed packages
------------------------------

* `Nav2 <https://nav2.org/>`_: An industry-standard mobile robot navigation system for mobile and surface robotics.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `EasyNav <https://github.com/EasyNavigation/>`_: A flexible, extensible navigation system for mobile robots.

```

ROS also includes motion planning capabilities.
:doc:`See About motion planning <About-Motion-planning>`

ROS capabilities are enabled by community-contributed packages.

Community-contributed packages

> * `Navigation 2 <https://nav2.org/>`_: An industry-standard mobile robot navigation system for mobile and surface robotics.

Reviewer 2: * `Nav2 <https://nav2.org/>`_: An industry-standard robot navigation system for mobile and surface robotics.
